shopify engineering & data internship program page – intern microsite faq sign up for notifications! faq sign up for notifications! better commerce for everyone — made by you if you have a passion, we have an engineering & data internship to match. the opportunity to shape how entrepreneurs around the world do business is in your hands. shopify powers millions of businesses worldwide. we’re the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow a business. at shopify we’re at the forefront of ai innovation, using technologies including llm posttraining, reinforcement learning, and model quantization, to redefine what’s possible in e-commerce. we're always hiring engineers we need exceptional interns to become the future of engineering & data at shopify! internship applications are now closed - check back on december 19, 2025 for summer 2026 applications shopify’s intern culture shopify's engineering & data internships combine both in-person and digital experiences. it allows you to design your life around what matters to you most because we know the importance of community. from supplementary learning sessions to workshops and curated in-person experiences, there’s no lack of opportunities to meet and connect with other interns. one week, you might be pairing with your mentor in-person in our pair programming booths, and the next, attend a professional development session on how to give better feedback. your internship will have the benefit of flexibility in your day, along with the support of your community and relationships to make it about more than just the work. important note: our internships do require interns to work in-person at one of our canadian or usa offices (bellevue, montréal, ottawa, or toronto) at least 3 days/week. "my project involved extensive problem-solving and prototyping, allowing me to brainstorm solutions, test approaches, and implement a workflow improvement for future developers. the sense of accomplishment from successfully completing and integrating a feature that will help other developers long-term was incredibly rewarding." — summer 2024 software engineer intern engineering & data internship opportunities learn more about our internship offerings! applied machine learning engineer intern our applied machine learning engineers use extensive data to build products and create and fine-tune ml models. data engineer intern our data engineers build and manage the massive data pipelines that power commerce through foundational work on product analysis, machine learning, and everything in between. infrastructure engineer intern our infrastructure engineers build large distributed systems at scale, automating development processes, or creating internal tools. product data science intern our product data scientists uncover the insights that inform how shopify decides on what products to build and how to build them. security engineer intern our security engineering interns assist in detecting, evaluating, and addressing security threats to shopify and its merchants. software engineer intern our software engineering interns turn product roadmaps into available, scalable, performant, secure, innovative, composable, and cost-effective software for global commerce. applied machine learning engineer intern our applied machine learning engineers use extensive data to build products and create and fine-tune ml models. data engineer intern our data engineers build and manage the massive data pipelines that power commerce through foundational work on product analysis, machine learning, and everything in between. infrastructure engineer intern our infrastructure engineers build large distributed systems at scale, automating development processes, or creating internal tools. product data science intern our product data scientists uncover the insights that inform how shopify decides on what products to build and how to build them. security engineer intern our security engineering interns assist in detecting, evaluating, and addressing security threats to shopify and its merchants. software engineer intern our software engineering interns turn product roadmaps into available, scalable, performant, secure, innovative, composable, and cost-effective software for global commerce. the process from submit to success 1. apply submitting a completed application is the first step in the process. in the section below, we have assembled some resources to help you put your best foot forward. 2. shopify assessments successful applicants will move forward and be emailed a series of mandatory assessments to complete. these will help assess your technical skills and your likelihood of success at shopify. this is an opportunity for you to demonstrate your programming skills. the assessments should take about an hour, but don’t worry if it takes you shorter or longer. we will contact applicants to let them know if they progress to our craft assessment interview! 3. craft assessment interview applicants moving beyond the shopify assessments will have an interview with a shopify engineer. you’ll be informed ahead of time what you need to prepare. 3. life story the life story interview is our final interview in the engineering & data internships hiring process. this interview about understanding the themes of your journey so far, what you have learnt, and how you made a difference. it will also give you a chance to better understand how we work at shopify. before your interview you will receive more information describing the interview and how to best prepare. 4. decision time to celebrate! successful applicants are placed on teams based on their interests, skills, and experiences. each team placement is done individually with significant consideration. resume help to get started on your application, you’ll need a standout resume. we know writing a resume isn’t easy, so our recruiting team has put together some tips to help you get started! ∙ review resume examples for your industry ∙ include only the most relevant information ∙ call attention to important achievements using bullet points ∙ proofread and edit ∙ ask a friend to proofread ∙ customize your resume to different jobs let's make commerce better for everyone sign up for notifications! faq return to shopify careers